This is our home.
You are not at home
Where do you intend to go?
I go home
Why am I just so confused right now?
I want to be alone
So what's the result of being quiet?
Divorced?
Didn't you say who filed for divorce and who was struck by lightning?
I'm afraid just because I'm afraid?
I just don't know.
Why are there so many problems between us?
So I just want to be alone
But you make me feel like I'm panicking
I'm afraid of Mingxuan
I don't know what to say now.
I didn't know what to do.
If there is only pain when we are together
Why don't we separate for a while and be quiet?
Okay? Is that really what you think?
I know about the death of your parents
It is the pain in your heart that can never help poverty.
I'm just like you.
I hate the one who made you lose your parents since you were a child
The driver who grew up alone
But I can't accept it
That man is the father I have missed for more than 20 years
He is the best father in my heart
Every time I cry
He will find any way to make me happy
When crying
He will be extremely distressed and say that he has a lot of tears for his daughter
Stab me with his beard
Try to make me happy in any way
Ah, I see.
I can set you free
Give you enough time.
But I don't want a divorce.
Don't want to be apart